README.md, before:

# Elea Africa


## Description
Elea Africa is a web app that allows users to view Elea Africa's portfolio and get in touch with their contact person. It consists of a [backend](https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-backend) and a [frontend](https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-frontend).


## Author


* [**Brian Major**](https://github.com/bryomajor)

## Features


As a user of the web application you will be able to:

1. View events covered by Elea Africa
2. See photos for each event
3. Contact the admin
4. Subscribe to future posts

## Specifications
| Behavior            | Input                         | Output                        | 
| ------------------- | ----------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| User visits the app and gets directed to the homepage  | User clicks on a event | Directed to the single event page | 
Homepage loads | User clicks on `About` nav | User is directed to the `About` page |
Homepage loads | User clicks on `Services` nav | User is directed to the `Services` page |
Homepage loads | User clicks on `Contact` | User is directed to the `Contact` page |
Contact page loads | User enters info | If input is valid, success message shows else an error message shows |
Footer loads | User enters their email | If email is valid, success message shows else an error message shows |


### Cloning
* In your terminal:
        
        $ git clone https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-frontend.git (To clone the frontend)
        $ git clone https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-backend.git (To clone the backend)

### Usage
Each directory in this project i.e. [crud](https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-frontend) (front-end) and [django](https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-backend) (backend) has installation and configuration instructions.

## Support and Team
Brian Major


[Slack Me!](https://slack.com/intl/en-ke/) @bryomajor


### License

* LICENSED UNDER  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](license/MIT)

Commit message:

include live site in readme.

README.md, after:

# Elea Africa


## Description
Elea Africa is a web app that allows users to view Elea Africa's portfolio and get in touch with their contact person. It consists of a [backend](https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-backend) and a [frontend](https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-frontend). You can visit the live site here [https://elea-africa-c0788.firebaseapp.com/home](https://elea-africa-c0788.firebaseapp.com/home).


## Author


* [**Brian Major**](https://github.com/bryomajor)

## Features


As a user of the web application you will be able to:

1. View events covered by Elea Africa
2. See photos for each event
3. Contact the admin
4. Subscribe to future posts

## Specifications
| Behavior            | Input                         | Output                        | 
| ------------------- | ----------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| User visits the app and gets directed to the homepage  | User clicks on a event | Directed to the single event page | 
Homepage loads | User clicks on `About` nav | User is directed to the `About` page |
Homepage loads | User clicks on `Services` nav | User is directed to the `Services` page |
Homepage loads | User clicks on `Contact` | User is directed to the `Contact` page |
Contact page loads | User enters info | If input is valid, success message shows else an error message shows |
Footer loads | User enters their email | If email is valid, success message shows else an error message shows |


### Cloning
* In your terminal:
        
        $ git clone https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-frontend.git (To clone the frontend)
        $ git clone https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-backend.git (To clone the backend)

### Usage
Each directory in this project i.e. [crud](https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-frontend) (front-end) and [django](https://github.com/bryomajor/elea-africa-backend) (backend) has installation and configuration instructions.

### Known Bugs
The subscription form has bugs hence not fully functioning.

## Support and Team
Brian Major


[Slack Me!](https://slack.com/intl/en-ke/) @bryomajor


### License

* LICENSED UNDER  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](license/MIT)
